well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
how I like my coffee I know there's a
lot of jokes out there you know I like
my coffee like I like my women now not
me I like my coffee like I like my
markets free organic strong preferably
Fairtrade and black you know I live
right on the Alabama line so today I did
something out of pure curiosity didn't
have any intention on actually using
this new skill of mine but I was really
curious how it was gonna be done so
today I learned how to conduct abortions
I'm not joking then that's really
interesting stuff really interesting
stuff the pro-choice crowd might be
looking at this law all wrong
this new Alabama law my name is read it
because we have this image of the
back-alley abortion they came from the
60s and things have changed a lot a lot
as we talked about in that other video
97% of abortions occur before 20 weeks
okay right after the screenings are done
that's that's when that's pretty much
cut off point so that's when they happen
now even using the very very safe
standards of a hospital for half that
time abortions done with a pill it's
done with a pill
and I know people well that pills gonna
be banned yeah for that purpose but the
thing is it's a multi-use pill it's
prescribed for different stuff packed if
you're a big boy I'm pretty sure that
you could slam a bunch of Little Debbie
cakes for those overseas real sugary
sweet snacks walk into the docs office
you'll probably prescribe it to you so
it seems like it's gonna be pretty easy
now after that point you know assuming
they'll probably push it all right you
know these are these aren't doctors
doing this so they'll push it out to
twelve or thirteen weeks using that
method that last seven weeks
mmm gets a little bit dicey err but
nothing like it was in the 60s because
technologies change the tools are pretty
much the same you can pick them up I
don't know 150 bucks Lowe's or Hobby
Lobby which is really funny given Hobby
Lobby Stan's on birth control
yeah those tools are the same but see
something's changed something bigs
changed technology is advanced back in
the 60s it's not like you know the guy's
gonna bring over a sonogram machine do
an ultrasound right I couldn't do that
but you can today I know what you're
thinking Bo that's crazy
you know I mean those things gotta be
expensive yeah I looked there on eBay
cost about as much as an Xbox so and
that is going to make that procedure a
whole lot safer it's crazy
it is crazy so the worry was that it was
gonna limit access probably not probably
not in fact it may increase access
because well now the guy's gonna come to
you and come to your house
think about that in the comfort of your
own home
probably gonna be cheaper because well
there's not as many regulations to
follow it's uh it's weird there's no
paper trail on nothing that's gonna be
used to blackmail you in the future
since it's happening at your home
there's no protestors to deal with
nobody screaming that you're throwing
stuff at you like good Christian folk
and it undermines the belief and the
infallibility of government a little
rebellion starts right there might be
looking at this law all wrong
it's almost like prohibition doesn't
work it's almost like that's what all of
recorded history has taught us and we're
just ignoring it we're just pretending
like that that's not true and that's not
the lesson it's almost like this law
will make things cheaper increase access
limit regulation limit people whining
about it and undermine the authority of
the government in Alabama it's one of
the first rules of leadership never give
an order that won't be followed anyway
it's just a fault dive good night